Congratulations on
finishing CapsimInbox!
Now that you've had a chance
to review your results,
let's talk about a few tips
that can boost the success
of your self-improvement
efforts.
The feedback you received
from CapsimInbox is valuable
because it assesses your
current skill levels
and provides the
objective feedback
that is necessary
for true development.
Learning how to improve your
skills - is a critical skill
in its own right,
and is important
for professionals at
all career stages.
To truly master a skill you have
to learn what that skill looks
like when it's effectively
performed.
Mastery also requires
that you frequently
and consistently
practice the skill,
which often involves
some trial and error.
This process can be
frustrating, but if you stick
with it, you can improve.
Research suggests five
key steps to guide you
on your path to development:
One.
Observe Your Current Skill
Level: Collect information
and assess yourself
on the skills you have
targeted for change.
Completing CapsimInbox
is a great first start!
Two. Set a Specific Goal:
Determine how much you need
to improve and focus on one key
behavior or skill at a time.
Avoid trying to do too
many things at once.
Three. Learn About the
Skill: Seek out information
to better understand the
skill you want to improve.
Find challenging situations
where you will have the
opportunity to learn
and practice your
targeted skill.
Four. Practice and
Seek Feedback:
Utilize all available
opportunities
to practice your
targeted skill and seek
as much feedback as possible.
Track your progress.
Five. Reward Yourself:
Provide yourself with rewards
that you find valuable
and are directly linked
to performing the desired skill.
It is important to keep
in mind these five steps,
even after you complete your
personal plan for improvement.
To help you; CapsimInbox
has incorporated these tips
into a self-guided process
that you can now begin.
To start building your
individual development plan -
"IDP" for short - first review
and evaluate your
skill scores below.
Skill definitions as well
as specific developmental
tactics are also provided
in the feedback report.
Once you've chosen a
specific skill to develop,
click on "improve,"
and you will be guided
through a self-directed process
that helps you build
an IDP customized
for your own developmental
success.
As you go through the process,
think about the goals
you want to achieve.
The more effort you
put into improving,
the more likely you
will be successful!
Good luck.